Question 1:

There is a prison with 100 prisoners, each in separate cells with no form of contact. 
There is an area in the prison with a single light bulb in it. Each day, the warden picks one of 
the prisoners at random, even if they have been picked before, and takes them out to the lobby. 
The prisoner will have the choice to flip the switch if they want. The light bulb starts off.

When a prisoner is taken into the area with the light bulb, he can also say "Every prisoner has 
been brought to the light bulb." If this is true all prisoners will go free. However, if a prisoner 
chooses to say this and it's wrong, all the prisoners will be executed. So a prisoner should only say 
this if he knows it is true for sure.

Before the first day of this process begins, all the prisoners are allowed to get together to discuss 
a strategy to eventually save themselves.

What strategy could they use to ensure they will go free?


Solution 1:

Only allow one prisoner to turn the light bulb off and all of the others turn it on if they have never 
turned it on before. If they have turned it on before they do nothing. The prisoner that can turn it off 
then knows they have all been there and saves them all when he has turned it off 99 times.


Question 2:

Two men find an old gold coin and want to have a coin toss with it to decide who gets it. The 
only problem is the coin is heavier on one side so it comes up heads more than tails. What is a fair way 
for the men to toss the coin and decide who gets the coin?

Solution 3:

They just have to flip it twice. They call the first toss either heads or tails, then the next toss they 
automatically pick the opposite (ie if one man calls heads on the first flip, he automatically picks tails 
on the second and vice versa). If they both win one toss (a tie) out of the two, they just have to repeat 
until one of them wins both tosses.

Question:

1. The Brit lives in the red house.
2. The Swede keeps dogs as pets.
3. The Dane drinks tea.
4. The green house is on the immediate left of the white house.
5. The green house's owner drinks coffee.
6. The owner who smokes Pall Mall rears birds.
7. The owner of the yellow house smokes Dunhill.
8. The owner living in the center house drinks milk.
9. The Norwegian lives in the first house.
10. The owner who smokes Blends lives next to the one who keeps cats.
11. The owner who keeps the horse lives next to the one who smokes Dunhill.
12. The owner who smokes Bluemasters drinks beer.
13. The German smokes Prince.
14. The Norwegian lives next to the blue house.
15. The owner who smokes Blends lives next to the one who drinks water.

Question: 
What day comes three days after the day which comes two days after the day which comes immediately after the day which comes two days after Monday.

Solution: 
Tuesday

Question:
If Teresa's daughter is my daughter's mother, what am I to Teresa?

Soultion:
Daughter
